Create an assembly per each LB config use case (#3008)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_configuring-smartproxyservers-with-default-ssl-certificates-for-load-balancing-with-puppet.adoc

[id="configuring-{smart-proxy-context}-servers-with-default-ssl-certificates-for-load-balancing-with-puppet_{context}"]
= Configuring {SmartProxyServers} with default SSL certificates for load balancing (with Puppet)

If you use Puppet in your {Project} setup, you can configure one or more {SmartProxyServers} that use default SSL certificates for load balancing.

To do this, you configure Puppet certificate signing on one of your {SmartProxyServers}.

> Then, you configure each other {SmartProxy} used for load balancing to use the certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you configure each remaining Puppet {SmartProxy} used for load balancing to use the certificates.
```

> The first {SmartProxyServer} will generate and sign Puppet certificates for the other {SmartProxies} configured for load balancing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first {SmartProxyServer} will generate and sign Puppet certificates for the remaining {SmartProxies} configured for load balancing.
```
